hey guys it's larry greenberg today
we're going to take a look at version
two of the impact band for the iphone 4
if you remember back i showed you the
first version of this heavy duty bumper
style case for the iphone 4 well since
then they've redesigned it it's always
great when case companies listen to
their customers and make changes based
on you know what they see is their
customers needs impact bands done so
they've changed the design a little bit
of the impact band and just all and all
made it a better bumper style case so it
still sells for 2195 and again it's
probably the beefiest bumper style case
you'll find for your iphone 4 let's
check it out looks wise you know from
afar it looks quite similar to the first
version but when you get up close and
personal with it you do notice some
immediate changes so here it is very
thick again to put it on your phone you
do it just like any bumper style case i
always go screen side first and then
start with the top then go to the bottom
corners and just you know push and pry
and fight like crazy to get it up over
your iphone until it's you know locked
on and seated properly and with this one
you want to kind of make sure you click
in the sides so it locks into the side
of the impact band and once you do there
you go so you can see it offers kind of
an unprecedented amount of lay on the
table design for a bumper style case I
mean look at that no problem putting
your phone screen side down or screen
side up for that matter because
obviously on a bumper your back is
unprotected as well so you can see if
you do lay it down either screen side up
or screen side down none of that surface
of the phone is going to touch whatever
surface you lay it on too as far as all
the ports go it still has that one cut
out for access to the 30-pin dock
connector the main microphone in the
speaker also one large cutout for your
volume buttons and your vibrate switch
no problem accessing it and then
individual cutouts for the sleep/wake
button the headset jack and the
secondary mike obviously the back again
i'll show you that fully cut out full
exposed like any bumper case so no
issues with the camera or the flash
bouncing back the slip week buttons a
little bit recessed probably my only you
know con of this case is that it's a
little recess not too difficult to press
though as far as what's different about
it I have the old version here I just
want to show you up close exactly what
they changed all in all it just looks
better you can see on the first version
you can see the mold points where they
kind of brought it together let me see
turn it that way and on the new version
you really can't make it out as much on
the top especially you can see that kind
of mold point there along the corner and
the side and it's just not there on the
new version that's how much better it
looks it's a little bit thinner as well
on the sides one of the big complaints
about the first version was when you
were typing the sides got in the way of
your thumbs well they kind of made it a
little bit thinner it's a little bit
less rigid and now your fingers or
thumbs don't have any issues when you're
typing they don't bump into the sides of
the impact ban as far as everything else
about the case pretty much the same
still going to give you an unbelievable
amount of shock and impact protection I
just think everything looks better the
cutouts all look better they're a little
bit rough on the first version they just
look cleaner on the new version I'm
really liking it they did a really nice
job of refining it so they're also now
selling screen shields that are
guaranteed to work in conjunction with
the impact band there were some
complaints I get some users about this
bubbling their screen shields I didn't
have any issues personally I do have a
screen shield on my phone both on the
front and the back right now and you can
see no problems with bubbling but they
went ahead and took care of those people
that were complaining that you know the
impact band was causing damage to their
screen shield and they came out with a
screen shield set that sells for 795 and
you get a little cleaning cloth and then
of course you get a front screen shield
and a back screen shield again that are
guaranteed to work with your impact band
i'll be doing a full review of the
screen shields themselves at a later
date but just know that they're
available for 795 one final note if
you're thinking about purchasing an
impact band now is a great time to do so
they're holding a giveaway on their
website if you buy
the impact band directly from base 1
labs you're automatically entered in a
32-gigabyte 4th generation iPod Touch
give away when they sold 300 impact
bands during this current promotion
they'll give away at random they're
going to pick one winner they're going
to give away a 32 gigabyte 4g ipod touch
so again if you're thinking about
grabbing one now it's a great time
getting get in on the giveaway and you
know all you have to do is buy one
you'll be automatically entered so the
impact band once again is available for
2195 fully revised updated looking
better than ever if you're into a bumper
style case but want you know a maximum
amount of shock and impact protection
for it this is the one you're going to
want to go with check it out on the
impact band a website link in the video
description you have any questions about
this case or anything else do you feel
free to drop me a line otherwise you
have a great day